[BABY SOUNDS]
[HEART BEAT]
>> We have become used to
thinking that we have a right
to all that we have no matter
what damage we do to the earth
or to other people.
We have become detached and
disconnected from reality.
We have become detached
from the earth.
We become detached from the
feelings and lives of people
elsewhere if it
interferes with our right
to maintain our lifestyle
and standard of living,
I would submit to you that
we're on a course leading
to an inevitable annihilation.
Martin Luther King
said the issue is not
between violence
and non-violence,
it's between non-violence
and non-existence.
The course we're on
in the First World
is a course of
ultimate destruction.
Do we want to be part of this
course of ultimate destruction
or do we want to be part of
hope and affirmation and justice
for all people of the earth
and for the earth itself,
without which we cannot live.
Yes, I am talking about
non-violent revolution
of consciousness.
>> Everyone comes to a point in
life in which we reflect upon
those things that matter.
There are some who
choose to ignore
the depth of this question.
And there are others who follow
this question into oblivion.
Is it possible to
walk the middle path,
to ask these questions
and yet embrace
the possibility of never
arriving at an answer?
Is it possible to
live our lives not
in the absence of a corrupt
world but despite it.
If you are asked to
ponder the one thing that
matters most in your life, what
would it be, security, money,
success, sex, power?
Have you ever considered
why, why we crave?
Do we not have enough?
What happens when we have all
the money, all the security,
all the success, sex, power
but haven't found peace?
What happens if we gain a
world without an ounce of love
or appreciation?
We end up only wanting more.
The world can't get
enough of itself,
as if humanity is becoming a
black hole devouring everything
in its path.
When we receive these
things, our first instinct
is to protect them from others.
We distrust our neighbors
because of them.
We wage war to get more of them.
However, love is
distinct from these.
When love is present,
our first instinct
is to give back to help those
who long to truly be free,
those you desire to give
back, the desire to know love.
But what happens if no one
truly wants love anymore?
What if no one desired freedom?
What if the greatest
epidemic known to man
has already affected the
entire species, a whole race
of humanity content to
believing that slavery is free
that fear is love that
suffering is happiness.
Would you be able
to recognize it
if it were happening right now?
Ask yourself is it, is
this the world we live in?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> If you ain't got nothing
to live for, you're better off
dead.
>> Yes.
But what if a man has got
something to live for?
>> That's different.
Then nothing should
stand in his way.
>> Anybody want to take a stab
at answering that question,
what is freedom?
Well, let's take a look
at the Oxford definition--
"the power or right to act,
speak, or think freely,
the state of being free."
But that's kind of mechanical.
I really don't like
that definition.
So what I did is I
said, OK, well what's
the definition of a slave?
"A person who is a legal
property of another and is
forced to obey them.
Or a person who is excessively
dependent upon or controlled
by something."
So if you're dependent on
something, are you free?
>> No
>> No.
If you're controlled by
something, are you free?
>> No.
So if we want to be
free, then maybe we
need to get rid of
our dependencies
and the controls in our life.
>> Rob, in the Page family is
an example of what happens when
an average individual begins
asking simple questions.
Rob has removed himself from
under external government
and jurisdiction.
No officer of the law, judge,
or magistrate, politician,
or tax agent has authority over
his life simply due to a title.
The land on which
he lives is treated
with respect and appreciation.
He has drafted his own
Declaration of Independence
and his own Constitution.
He has truly broken
the bonds that
have fettered so many of
us to dependency and dogma.
However, to do this, far
more than physical barriers
had to be destroyed.
Upon Rob's realization that
he is truly becoming free,
an inevitable realization
of responsibility
presented itself.
When excessive dependence upon
something is recognized within,
the heart and mind
revolt. The initiation
of an authentic
revolution always
begins within the individual.
Pay attention, not
to the physical steps
he took to become free, but
to the spirit of his path.
For it is a personal
path within all of us.
If we mimic the path of another,
it is not a true path for us,
but a trap.
This is merely a story of an
individual I love and respect.
The story of how a true
revolution is born.
>> With self-governance, I
am 100% responsible and 100%
accountable for everything
that I say and do.
And that's what kind of led
to us building the Earthship
and to building a power
system and living off grid.
But when we talk about off grid,
it's not just the power grid
that we're talking about.
There's also the corporate grid.
And so, myself
personally, I have
gotten rid of the mortgage,
credit cards, loans,
bank accounts.
I don't have any of those
kind of things anymore.
So I'm off of the
financial grid and I'm
off the corporate grid as
much as possible as well.
If I started growing our own
food, generating our own power,
then we're not
susceptible to disruptions
in the grid should
there be a failure.
And because of its
complexity, the probability
of that happening is
increasing over time.
>> The complexity of the
system is a direct reflection
of the amount of burden that
the people are placing upon
the system.
Every government would
have to grow if you keep
placing more burden upon it.
All of that burden is
actually the responsibility
that we no longer,
as the citizens,
will want to take care
of on our own anymore.
We want our government to
take care of it for us.
So all of that burden
feeds the system and that's
how the system grows.
If a system is becoming
faulty, if a system
is becoming corrupt, that's
because the foundation
or the soil that that system has
grown out of has become faulty
and has become corrupt.
So that's the
first place that we
need to start looking
is the foundation,
or the soil that this
system grew out of.
We need to start
looking at the people.
>> There's a fellow down in
the US, Taos, New Mexico.
He's an architect.
What he's doing is he's
building earth round
houses which are passively solar
heated out of automobile tires.
And you stack the tires like
bricks, pack them full of dirt,
and they're backfilled.
And they're completely off grid.
The sun heats the
dirt and the mass,
and that heat then radiates
back into the house.
And then in the wintertime,
because the sun is so low,
it penetrates deep
into the building
to warm up the building.
And in summer time,
it's really high,
so it doesn't penetrate
the building at all
and keeps the building cool.
And you know, collect water
off the roof into cisterns,
and we recycle
water in the house,
and you know solar panels
for power generation.
So the house essentially is
like a self-contained ecosystem
because it collects its own
water, treats its own waste,
generates its own power,
generates its own heat,
and it's all built out of
recycled materials that are
abundant out in our ecology.
There is automobile tires
all over the place, right?
So, we're trying to build
houses out of materials that you
can find readily laying around.
My wife is studying to be
a homeopath at the time.
And she started recognizing
that there are a few things that
are going on in the
medical industry that
isn't necessarily good for us.
And through the process
of learning about some
of the medical issues that we
were learning through Kari's
education, it
started to wake us up
to some of the other things
going on in our economy
and in our political system,
and that kind of stuff.
It's not a health care system,
but a keep you sick system
so that they can make lots of
money through pharmaceuticals.
I held onto crap in
my life, whether it
was emotional or mental.
And my body had a real
hard time dealing with it.
You know, I've since
learned that it's
holding onto that stuff
is what causes cancer
and all kinds of illnesses and
distress on the physical body.
So we decided to take
matters into our own hands
and be responsible.
Rather than react to
what was going on,
we decided to be proactive.
And so we came out while the
economy was at its hottest.
And we sold everything,
came out here.
That all stemmed,
really, from some
of the things that
Kari was bringing back
from her studying.
And she brought this term
natural person back from school
and said, hey, Rob,
have you heard of this?
No.
So I started looking
into it and realizing
that there is this
huge deception going on
in the political arena,
well, and the medical arena,
and the economy, and all
that kind of stuff too.
But my initial reaction was I
was extremely angry and upset.
How dare they do this?
They're supposed to be there
to protect us and guide us
and help us, not manipulate us.
And that kind of started
my road towards trying
to understand their
system and learn
what human rights is all about
and what freedom is all about.
What is the law?
What laws apply to every
single man on this earth?
Because they often say
no man is above the law.
OK.
So which law are they
talking about then?
Well there's common law
and there' civil law.
There's contract law.
There's Sharia law.
There's Christian law.
Like there's all kinds of laws.
Admiralty is just one of them.
And when it comes down
to it, a lot of those
are only associated
to activities
depending on what we're
doing and what we consent to.
So corporations,
for example, are all
subject to a number of
laws, because they are
the creation of the government.
So the master gives the rules
for the servant to follow.
OK?
So does that apply to you?
Well, unless you're
a corporation
or you are behaving as a
corporation, the answer is no.
So I asked the question,
what is the law?
>> The history of law gives us
an understanding of evolution
which is intimately linked to
the evolution of our species.
The function of
law does not simply
govern our physical actions.
We have many layers
of existence,
including physical, mental,
emotional, conscious,
and spiritual.
Because we cannot
escape any of these,
an affliction to one of them
reverberates in consequence
between all of them.
It is irresponsible to
assume that law pertains only
to portions of our lives.
Law is the very
foundation of life itself.
All law forms today are
based upon our consent.
Should the people of today
discover the important truth
that we can say
no at any time, we
may find a revolution
within the current system
to be inevitable.
Everything we are
experiencing is the evolution
of experience itself.
This is why I can't say what
the future should look like.
The second I give a
model for the future,
there will instantly appear a
rebellion against that model.
And that rebellion
is very important
because the future is
not about ending up
with a beautiful result, it's
about learning from the process
and allowing that process
to always welcome change.
There are three fundamental
stages to our evolution--
childhood, adulthood, and
parenthood or leadership.
A child is typified by being
dependent upon external support
for food, protection,
and health.
In the animal kingdom,
the transition
from childhood to
adulthood is complete
when the child is no longer
dependent upon others
to be fed, protected,
and kept in good health.
We are a species of perpetual
children today in our society.
And as easy as it
would be to blame
the political, economic,
and societal system that
breeds dependent people,
it is an inescapable truth
that the entire
system is a reflection
of the condition of its people.
Seldom do we see adults
today, in the sense that they
can govern themselves.
Which means it is
even less frequent
that we see individuals fit
for parenthood or leadership.
The stage of parenthood
and leadership
comes when, not only
can we govern ourselves,
but when we are ready and
willing to help others
become self-governing.
The leaders of today
are, unfortunately,
nothing more than
children with adult bodies
wearing leadership clothes.
Our entire species is
being faced with a choice--
govern the self or be
governed by others.
>> 1, 2, 3, 4--
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Problem with courts
these days, that I see,
is that people don't see them
for what they really are.
I was raised to respect
authority, follow
the authority, and
do as they say.
And I think most people
are brought up that way.
What I've learned though
is that that authority
is based 100% on our
consent to being governed.
And I found a
Supreme Court ruling
that says that the
consent of the governed
is a foundational
principle of democracy.
Now, what's consent?
Does that imply that you
have a choice whether you're
going to agree to that or not?
And I would suggest
that the answer is yes.
So we all have free will choice
to consent to being governed.
When we do that, then
we've given them permission
to use their authority over us.
So when we used our free will
to apply for, or register,
for something, we
gave them permission
to create a
corporation to interact
between the man and the system.
And it's that corporation
that the system acts upon.
But because we don't know who
we are, we assume or we think,
that that is us.
So when you take a look
at your credit card
or take a look at your
driver's license or your birth
certificate or any of
that kind of stuff,
a lot of people,
including myself,
thought that that
was actually me.
And that's not true.
So when the courts
are acting upon it,
all they can really act
upon is the corporation.
And the only reason they
can act upon the man
is because we agree to
be the representative
of that corporation
and bind ourself
to the terms and conditions
of that agreement.
But we can say no at any time.
>> Give the public the facts.
They have a right to know.
Got it?
>> If you have these
documents, such as licenses,
registrations,
permits, applications,
that is your consent to being
governed by certain guidelines,
regulations, acts, stipulations,
laws, within that corporation.
Because you are asking for a
service and they're saying OK,
as long as you
follow these rules.
If you signed any of those
contracts which are represented
by a legal fiction
set up in your name,
then you, yourself, are
bound by those rules,
bound by the regulations
because you did that.
You consented to being
governed by that.
So in order to remove
yourself from that,
you have to dissolve
those contracts.
Sometimes they make
it seem mandatory,
that you must comply.
And it's just the language
that's being used.
That's one thing you want
to become very wary of is
the language that they use.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> If I was to ask you,
how do you define person,
what would the normal definition
in our community be for that
word?
>> Human being.
And if we take a look
at the dictionary,
it says "a human being
regarded as an individual."
That's what we would normally
view the word person to be.
In law, now we're
using their words.
Whenever you're dealing
with corporations
and the government, and
all that kind of stuff,
person means "an individual
or incorporated group
having certain legal rights
and responsibilities."
Not a human being regarded
as an individual, but as
an individual or a corporation.
So they actually said
compare artificial person
and natural person.
So I did.
So I looked it up
and I compared them.
Artificial person "a legal
entity, not a human being."
Natural person.
A natural person
is "a human being
that has the capacity
for rights and duties."
Just because you
have the capacity
doesn't mean that you're
going to use your free will
to exercise them.
You have the capacity for rights
and duties, but it's up to you
to exercise them.
I actually found
the legal dictionary
that they use in the
US, so every time they
argue about the
definition of a word--
It's huge.
--yeah.
It's a volume that's as
long my arms of books.
So by curiosity, I looked
up the word person.
And on each page,
there was probably,
I would estimate, about
15 different definitions
with each court case.
And the word person ran
for around 200, 250 pages.
So there is literally thousands
of different definitions
for the word person.
How can anybody
possibly learn all that
in order to protect yourself?
Well part of the Magna Carta
states that "to none will
we sell, or deny, a
right or a justice."
Well that means is that if you
want to exercise your rights
and you want to have justice,
they can't sell it to you.
They sure do now, it costs you
hundreds of dollars an hour
to hire a lawyer just
so you can get justice.
>> Sometimes there are things
that are more important than
bread and butter.
>> Just what, for instance?
>> The right to
think for yourself.
This is a free country where
nobody can set themselves up
as absolute ruler and
force other people
to do their bidding.
And as our country
grows, more and more,
you will find men and
women marching and fighting
side-by-side.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> "So at the revolution,
the sovereignty devolved
on the people.
And they are truly the
sovereigns of the country.
But they are sovereigns
without subjects,
with none to govern
but themselves.
The citizens of America are
equal as fellow citizens."
This was a US case in--
what's the 1793.
So every US individual
is sovereign.
If they knew about
it and they haven't
got hooked into the corporate
game that's being played out.
So a sovereign, a
person, body, or state
vested with independent
and supreme authority.
So if you're
sovereign, does that
mean that somebody else
has authority over you?
No.
You have the supreme authority.
>> What about an
officer of the law then?
>> They have no
authority over you.
They're your servants.
OK?
But what they do is they try
to get you into a contract
so that you contract
away your rights,
so that they then have
authority over you.
Asking for our driver's license,
insurance, and registration?
If you give it to them,
that's a contract.
You then gave them authority.
Then they can do
whatever they want to.
We elected to take
responsibility
and accountability for
anything that should happen.
As we should, because
it's our building.
And we're building it.
So we, essentially,
went ahead with it
and waited for the
county to say something.
About three or four
months into the project,
we received a letter.
That letter,
essentially, indicated
that we notice that there
is some development.
Please stop the
development till you
fill in a development permit.
Well, I had been
studying my human rights
for a couple of
years at that point.
So I sent them a
letter, essentially,
outlining that I am a individual
not a person or a corporation,
and you don't have jurisdiction
over anything that I do.
And that your letter also
indicated that if I sign this,
you have permission to
come on our property.
So that implies that you
currently don't have permission
to come on our property.
So I, essentially,
told them you're
going to have to provide me
with a proof of your claim
that I have to follow the
guidelines of the Municipality
Act.
And they do not have permission
to come onto our property.
About a week later, the
tax assessor showed up.
And I asked him are you here
as an agent of the county?
And he said yes.
And I said, well, can you
tell me which parts of the Act
that your authority comes from.
And so he told me.
And I said, tell you
what, let me look those up
and I'll get back to you.
And he was quite reasonable.
He agreed with that and he
left without any incident.
So I looked up the
Act and found out
that he had to give me
a reasonable notice.
And because he was an agent,
I had already told the county
that they didn't have permission
to come on the property
so I had grounds
for several charges
if I wanted to of trespassing
and breach of the Municipality
Act against this guy.
So I confronted him on it.
The final result was I got
a letter from the Minister
indicating that I had several
good points in my letter
and that he encouraged
me to settle
my dispute with the county.
And he essentially washed
his hands of the whole thing.
And I haven't heard
from the county since.
They've left knee alone
now for two years.
I can't have freedom
unless I also
recognize that I have a duty.
And I have a duty
to share with people
what I've learned from
not only the legal aspect,
but also the spiritual,
emotional, mental,
and physical freedoms
that I've been working on.
I felt that part of my duty
was to start getting out there
and start teaching this.
>> Tetro.
>> Yes, sir.
>> Stand by for operation
of the time machine.
>> Yes, sir.
Where to this time, Captain?
>> Back to the year 1215
and King John of England.
>> Yes, sir.
>> Every body is
familiar with Robin Hood.
King John, you know the
tyrant, was actually real.
The problem with King
John is that he did not
know how to fight a war and
he had no land to his name.
So he ran to the Pope in 1213
and asked Pope Innocent III
for some help.
And what he did is he
actually turned over
the whole kingdom of England to
the Pope in return for support
from the Pope so that
he could fight his wars.
So that little document,
essentially, turned King John
into the Pope's vassal,
which means that he promised
to be loyal to the Pope.
And the Pope, then owned
everything in England.
A couple years later, his barons
cornered him and stuck a knife
to him, and said, you
know what, we're not
happy with the way
you're treating us.
We want you to sign
this Magna Carta.
>> But if I sign this,
I shall be no king.
You have given me four
and twenty overlords.
>> These 24 will see that
you carry out the terms
of the Magna Carta.
You have no choice,
King John, but to sign.
>> So the Magna Carta was
the basis of English law.
>> That's right, Jet, and the
basis of American law as well.
The English Magna
Carta became the model
for the American Bill of Rights.
>> This is the founding document
for our human rights within
our country, within
Great Britain,
within the United States,
Australia, New Zealand,
South Africa, any crown colony,
their legal systems are based
on this document.
But he was doing
it at knife point.
He's under duress.
Is that a legal contract?
>> No.
So I have a question.
If it was under duress, and
this is not a legal contract,
then how can they
possibly continue
using this document as the
basis for our legal system?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I would suspect that most
people would recognize
that a valid contract
would require
that the individual sign
on his own free will.
That wasn't the case.
And the Pope at the
time, Pope Innocent III,
recognized that as
such because he also
said that it was invalid.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The kings of Europe
decided you know what?
There's this huge piece of land
just across the Atlantic Ocean.
Let's go get it.
And so how they did it though
is they chartered corporations,
the king set up a corporation.
And it was funded by
the king and bankers
and that kind of stuff.
And they came over.
And they stuck the flag
into the ground and say,
we claim this for
the King of England
and set up shop, and started
dealing with the First Nations
people that are here.
And I'm not going to go into all
the atrocities that happened.
Literally millions of
First Nations people
died either as a result of
disease, wars, starvation.
And so that genocide
took place just so
that they can
colonize this land.
It's a sad chapter
in our history.
But we also have to recognize
that that's the past.
And so let's move on.
Let's try to live in
harmony with one another
now without pushing our
will against another,
and try to come to terms
with the things that
were done in the past.
It was essentially
the corporation
that came and conquered
this country-- or this land,
I should say, not the country.
They came and
conquered this land.
It was all
corporations that came.
Now that those
corporations are here,
people started coming
over and started
immigrating to what they
thought was Canada or the United
States.
And then in 1867, they passed
this thing called the British
North America Act.
Now did the people
here vote on this?
No.
This is a piece of legislation
from Great Britain.
That's all this is.
The BNA Act is just
legislation from the Parliament
in Great Britain.
But it was passed off on us
as a constitutional document.
In order for you to
have a constitution,
the people have to
vote on the document
not the representatives
in the legislature.
This document merged
all the colonies
into one colony called Canada.
That's all this document did.
But it was passed off
as forming a country.
The people of Great
Britain went and started
traveling around the world and
bringing their legal system
with them.
And even though the US declared
their independence in 1776,
they still based their legal
system on British system.
They're all based on
that common law system.
But there's also the Admiralty
system that came with it.
Representatives from Canada,
Australia, South Africa, New
Zealand, you know, all those
got together with Great Britain
and start talking about,
OK, how can we really
set things up so that we can be
autonomous from Great Britain?
And so they actually meant for
a couple of years 1926, 1930
to formulate how this
was going to work.
And then the king then passed
the Statute of Westminster.
And that essentially broke
the tie between Great Britain
and Canada.
OK?
The King is no longer
a part of Canada.
Canada is no longer affected
by any statutes or regulations
from Great Britain.
Because the link to
the Crown was broken,
technically we're in anarchy.
We have no document
to actually set up
the framework for how our
government is supposed
to operate in this land.
In '47, they wrote a
Letters Patent creating
the Office of Governor General.
The Governor General is
the head of this country.
>> We have been compelled to
create a permanent armaments
industry of vast proportions.
3 and 1/2 million men
and women are directly
engaged in the
defense establishment.
Now this conjunction of an
immense military establishment
and a large arms industry is
new in the American experience.
We recognize the imperative
need for this development.
Yet, we must not
fail to comprehend
it's grave implications.
>> There's not one piece
of territory or one thing
of a military nature that
we want out of this war.
We want peace and prosperity
for the world as a whole.
>> Let's go through these words
and let's see if you understand
them now.
Governor General.
What's a general?
>> Military.
Lieutenant, more generals.
What's a company?
It's like four brigades of
man and heavy equipment.
An officer?
The tax payer is actually an
officer who holds an office.
Commission?
How many here work
for commission
under a social insurance number?
So you're actually a
commissioned officer.
So even financial terms
have military connotations.
And it's all done under
Admiralty, which is military.
When you turn 18 and
you start working
under a social insurance number
or accept a birth certificate,
you're actually being
posted on a military post,
evidenced by a name, address,
and the date of birth,
because what was birth?
A vessel, right?
It's a military vessel.
So when you agreed to be
a legal representative
of that military
vessel, you agreed
to be manning that
military post.
That's why they need
a name and birth
date so that they
can prove that you
are private in their military.
All of these documents, whether
you're registering property,
or applying for a driver's
license, or birth certificate,
all that kind of stuff, it's
all in the public, which means
it's all in the military side.
And you're holding
military offices
when you have these
documents on your possession.
So as long as your manning
a military post, technically
you're at war.
So Clause 1 says "We
do hereby constitute."
Who's we?
I don't remember seeing
any documentation that
said the people of this
land gave them permission
to constitute that office.
And the king doesn't
have any authority here,
because the Statute
of Westminster 1931
cut off all of that.
So I have a question.
Who's we?
I suspect that it was
Prime Minister MacKenzie
King and all of his cronies.
So how did all this happen?
This guy here, our Prime
Minister MacKenzie King,
I did some reading on him.
And I found out he's actually
really good friends with John
D. Rockefeller, Jr. And he
actually spent a lot of time
in New York.
He actually consulted with him.
MacKenzie King's a lawyer.
And he's actually
Rockefeller's lawyer
and actually help him out
with a lot of labor disputes
that were happening
in the States.
So who signed it?
The Prime Minister of Canada.
So our Prime Minister
signed letters patent
to create the Office
of Governor General.
They needed to set
up another office.
So the Prime Minister did it.
And I'm really
curious to find out
who was supporting
him to do that,
because it wasn't the people
and it wasn't the king.
Even though he said by
His Majesty's command.
I question that, too.
Governor General's Act, you go
to Canadian government website
and you can actually
look up the Acts,
you look up the
Governor General's Act.
And in there, Clause 1--
or Clause 2, says
"The Governor General
of Canada or other chief
executive officer--" CEO?
CEOs are for companies--
"or administrator carrying
on the government of Canada
on behalf and in the name of
the sovereign by whatever title
designated is a
corporation sole."
OK.
A corporation sole
is a corporation
except for there's only
one individual that
holds that title or
owns that corporation.
Corporation soles actually
are used all over a place.
The Pope, the office of a
Pope is a corporation sole.
The office of the King
is a corporation sole.
The Governor General, Lieutenant
Governors, the Catholic church,
all of their bishops
and archbishops
and cardinals, they all
hold corporations soles.
This was on the Governor
General's website
about 10 months ago.
You won't find it now
because they changed it.
So I'm really glad I've
got a screenshot of it.
But it says here, "Canada
is a parliamentary democracy
and a constitutional monarchy."
Yeah, right.
Whatever.
"This means Canadians recognize
the Queen as our head of state.
Canada's Governor
General carries out
Her Majesty's duties in
Canada on a daily basis
and is Canada's de
facto Head of State."
Does everybody know
what de facto means?
Illegitimate, but in effect.
So it has no legitimacy.
But because we've
all accepted it,
that gives it force and effect.
Now as soon as you get
away from all the people
and you remove yourself
or segregate yourself
through a private
agreement or what have you,
that becomes private.
Now, the Governor General,
the Queen, by definition
are only responsible
for the public.
The government is there to
deal with the public for us,
but they turn everything public.
As soon as you register
property like land or vehicles
or any of that
kind of stuff, you
turn that into a registered
item, which is in the public.
If you're in the public, they
assume that you're vulnerable
and that you need protecting
from others and from yourself.
As soon as you're using
all of your corporations,
that's on the public
side and that's
all governed by the public,
which is the government.
So part of the process
that I went through
was to actually explicitly say
I do not want to be governed.
>> This is the fundamental
rule of all forms of law.
Without your consent,
you cannot be governed.
There is not a single
law in existence created
by man that is mandatory.
There are many that give the
illusion of being mandatory,
but therein lies the
most important aspect
to all of this.
It is your responsibility to
investigate and understand
what governs you--
not just physically, but
mentally, emotionally,
consciously, and spiritually.
There are tyrannical
governments that force their law
upon the people unjustly.
Some do not have
much of a choice
to move away from these areas.
However, most do have a choice,
yet allow justifications
to keep them exactly
where they are.
If we were on a train track just
minutes away from being hit,
most of us would move.
Yet some have the tendency to
complain about how inconvenient
it is to move.
There is still a choice.
Human ingenuity can
surmount any obstacle.
The only requirement is
the desire to surmount.
If we are willing to complain
or rebel against a system that
governs our actions, we should
know how and why it does so.
In doing this, it is important
to understand who we are,
where we are, and
what options we have.
>> What was Canada defined as?
In the Interpretation Act,
"Canada, for greater certainty,
includes the internal
waters of Canada
and territorial Sea of Canada."
Now that word includes
is a tricky word.
There's a legal maxim that
says "the inclusion of one
is the exclusion of all others."
So whenever you see
the word includes,
means it's this
and nothing else.
Hold on here.
You're trying to tell me
that Canada is just water?
Yes, it is.
This red, that's Canada.
We sitting in this basement,
we are not in Canada.
Well, the term Turtle
Island, my understanding,
is the actual word
that the First Nations
people called North America.
When the Europeans
came over, they then
started putting their own
terms and words to the land.
However, it was all done
through corporations.
Well, that's why they
need the admiralty courts
because Canada is only water.
You can't have law of the
land if you have no land.
You need admiralty courts
to operate in Canada
because it's all water.
You need your ships.
Everybody know where they fly
the flag on the Parliament
buildings in Ottawa?
On the top of the Peace
Tower because they don't have
any land to plant their flag.
You need land to plant a flag.
Take a look at the US Securities
and Exchange Commission,
you type in the word
Canada, it's listed there.
Canada actually has to file with
the US Security and Exchange
Commission every year.
>> The admiralty courts are set
up to govern business between
corporations, not people.
The jurisdiction
of admiralty courts
does not deal with
human affairs.
Only when humans,
knowingly or unknowingly,
represent a corporation
by using licenses,
registrations, certificates,
and applications
do they fall under
admiralty jurisdiction.
It is a well-disguised
fact that nearly everything
we believe to be our country,
our courts, our police
departments, and even the
documents that represent us
as individuals, are,
in fact, corporations
in the business for profit.
Should you choose to
remain a part of any
of these corporations, it's
important to understand
that not only are you
under their jurisdiction,
but you do gain the
benefits that they offer.
The benefits and the
agreement of becoming
a citizen of any country
is their protection.
To be a citizen of
any nation means
that you have your citizenship.
This ship is a vessel
that contains your consent
to be protected and
governed by that nation.
>> It was November of '07 when
I actually got pulled over
by city police.
They had two or three
police cars there.
But what essentially happened
is he came up to the window
and asked me for my
driver's license, insurance,
and registration.
And I actually told him, well,
I don't have a driver's license.
And he goes, yeah,
that's why I stopped you.
I'm not a corporation.
And I do know that
I'm not here to submit
to other people's authority.
I didn't realize it at the
time, but I was actually
testifying to him.
I didn't need to tell
him that I didn't
have any of those documents.
At that point, he then asked
me well what's your name.
I told them well, my
friends call me Rob.
I don't let a name
define me or I don't
lead a career define me.
I'm not a name or a label.
Again, I was testifying.
I didn't have to disclose
to him my identity.
But it was enough
information for him
to make the link between
that name and the name
that he has
jurisdiction over, which
is the artificial person
that was on the driver's
license that was expired.
And that was grounds
enough for him
to proceed with filing
charges of driving
without a driver's license.
And he, essentially, gave
me to the count of three
to accept these or
he would continue
filing more charges
and tow the vehicle.
And I finally accepted under--
I was extremely stressed
out at that point
because I didn't want to lose
my property and that kind
of stuff.
So I accepted them
and decided to deal
with it through letters.
Like if I was a
judge, for example,
and you walked in and claimed
that you're sovereign.
One of the things
I'm going to look at
is OK does this guy
behave like a sovereign?
Did provide me with
prenotice and try
to resolve the issue before
it even came to court?
And was he honorable
in his communications
and his interactions
with people?
So at that point I start a
letter campaign writing letters
to him to ask him
for proof of claim
of a whole bunch of things
that he was claiming over me.
And he essentially
ignored all of those.
So I showed up in
court for the plea.
Now, I know what the
plea is all about, right?
So I didn't go in there
with all my books.
I essentially went in there to
essentially say you know what?
There is no harm done here.
There is no cause for
this court to be hearing.
The judge wouldn't
hear any of that.
He kept asking me for the
person, Robert Earnest Page.
And I kept saying well.
I'm here on this behalf,
because I'm not that person.
I'm man.
But he finally said to
me, OK, you know what?
I'm entering in a plea.
First off, that was probably
a no no on his part.
>> And he told me
to plead guilty.
But he said that from
the facts of the case,
it didn't look like
I had a chance.
Then he told me, make sure
that that person is in court.
You know, I was still nervous.
I was still shaken and
that kind of stuff.
But I left court excited
because I successfully
got the judge to
recognize me for who I am,
not as that artificial person.
But I still have
court to deal with.
So when I got there,
the Crown called me up.
So I went up there.
This was before the
judge was there.
And he asked me for my name.
I didn't give them a name.
I told him I'm a 3rd Party
intervenor under injury,
because the artificial person is
being called to court, not me.
But I'm the one
that was injured.
I was stopped, which
is an injury, detained
for an hour and a
half, and had to go
through a whole bunch of
letters and that kind of stuff.
So he pointed to the ticket
and goes well, is that you?
And I told him, that is not me.
And I think he was
getting frustrated.
He said go sit down.
So I went and sat down.
All I know is that when
they resumed court,
they heard the
rest of the cases.
And then they called Robert
Earnest Page up and I stood up.
And she turned to me
and said case dismissed
on a lack of evidence.
>> I move for an
immediate dismissal.
There's no sound
basis for this case.
There's not the
slightest evidence.
>> That was a tremendous feather
in my cap because I was able
to successfully stand as a man
in front of them without them
intimidating me, and let them
know that I know how this game
works now.
>> Whenever a few men try to
take over the rights of honest
citizens, they always fail.
>> They sure do.
>> The created cannot be
greater than the creator.
Whether you believe in God,
or Allah, or Mother Earth,
or whatever, that's
your creator.
I believe in God.
God is my creator.
And even right in the Bible,
Genesis 1:27 says "God
created man in his own image."
Well, since man was created
in the image of the divine
King delegated sovereignty or
kingship was bestowed on him.
OK.
So I believe that the creator
created each and every one
of us as kings and queens.
That means there's
absolutely nobody
between me and my creator.
If I have somebody
in between, then I
have more than one master.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Masters could be the
pursuit of money.
Money would be one master
that I use to bow to.
I would do anything for money.
Other people.
I used to submit myself to
other people's authority
without even question, whether
that be a teacher or politician
or police or whatever.
Does that mean I
don't respect them?
No.
I honor them for who
they are and what
they're doing in the path and
the journey that they're on.
But does that mean I have
to bow to them as a master?
No.
Anything one fears could
be construed as a master.
But that also means that our
creations are our servants.
We created government.
We created the corporations.
We created all the
bylaws and legislation.
They're there to serve us.
We're not completely
out of it yet.
We still have dependencies
on our internet connections
and our phone bills,
because we still want
to communicate with people.
But for the most part, I've
been able to unwind myself
from the vast majority of
all of those requirements
that most people have.
Years ago, I was
very materialistic.
I was working hard for
big houses, big cars, lots
of money, that kind of stuff.
And then when I recovered
from my depression,
I realized that life is
all about my relationships,
relationships with
individuals like yourself,
my friends and family, but
also with relationships
with my food or my environment.
Sometimes I still
struggle with that.
This is a journey.
It's not something that's
open a door, walk through,
you're a changed man.
This is something I'll
probably have to struggle
with the rest of my life.
Every once in a while I stumble.
But I see it for what
it is and forgive myself
and just move on.
That whole entire process
was a lot of hard work.
Like it was extremely
painful, took a lot of energy.
But I'm at a point right now
where if I had to do it again,
I would because I learned
so much about myself.
And it positioned me very well
to actually get together again
with my wife.
We were separated
for three years.
We reconciled the marriage.
And we've been going strong
now for almost 10 years.
I believe the solution's
available for anybody,
whether you live in a democratic
society or under a dictatorship
or whatever.
I believe the
solution is simple.
And I believe the solution
is within ourselves.
>> There are billions of people
wandering this globe with
perspective, scope, belief,
dogma, morals, fears, desires,
and hidden agendas.
It's difficult to
comprehend exactly
what drives each of them.
When looking at the surface
of this unique condition,
the planet is in due
to only one species,
it may seem as if we aren't
truly interested in freedom
anymore.
Maybe we're not truly working
towards growth, prosperity,
and peace.
Again, it's
difficult to pinpoint
why we're a species of perpetual
war and perpetual deceit,
matched by perpetual heroism
and perpetual compassion.
There is no one answer
to explain it all.
And yet, even if there
were, it wouldn't
be the intellectual answer that
we desperately want it to be.
The most we can
do as individuals
is to begin acting
like individuals
instead of acting like
machines on autopilot
from some primal program set in
motion millions of years ago.
What would this planet look like
if we took back the one power
we consistently give away--
choice?
Because there's
always a choice--
good, bad, indifferent.
There is always a choice--
love, fear, growth,
decay, life, and death.
There is always a choice.
And the picture perfect the
ending or eternal struggle
is but a consequence
of the direction we
choose to travel from here.
>> So rather than
looking at fear,
right now look at this as
the moment of opportunity,
because there's something so
much better on the horizon
but we can only get there by
eliminating the structure as it
is now, because the structure
as it is now is providing
for our extinction.
>> Let the word go forth from
this time and place to friend
and foe alike that the torch has
been passed to a new generation
born in this century,
tempered by war,
disciplined by a hard
and bitter peace.
Proud of our ancient heritage,
and unwilling to witness
or permit the small undoing
of those human rights
to which this nation has
always been committed
and to which we are
committed today at home
and around the world.
>> I have to be willing to
accept what other people have
to say, do critical thinking
to evaluate whether it is true
or not.
I had to learn.
I had to learn how to change.
I had to face my fear
and confront my fear.
I had to be honest with
myself, which was difficult.
I had to learn how to let go.
And I had to learn to stand
up for what I believe.
And I had to learn that
it all took hard work to
through all of that.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Yes, I'm talking about
a nonviolent revolution
of consciousness.
A consciousness that is able
to understand how we're all
inextricably connected to
each other on this Earth
and to the Earth itself.
And that if we violate those
fundamental principles,
we do so at our own peril.
Yes, we can continue to live in
this delusion and the denials
of reality because it's painful.
It's frightening.
Sometimes it's terrifying.
It's terrifying
to face the truth.
So I ask each of you
to search your hearts
to what your truth is for
being a citizen of the Earth,
promoting justice as a
foundation for peace.
It's not going to
happen magically.
And I think it's
not going to happen
by relying on these political
structures and institutions.
I think we're going
to have to wage peace
in the most extraordinary ways,
whether our government wants it
or not.
You will know in your
heart what to do.
But I know that without
a non-violent revolution
of consciousness, we will
not survive as a civilization
or as a planet.
We can choose to have peace
if we want to pay the price.
And what more glorious
goal and value
do we want than
peace for all people.
And so I look forward to
working together with you
all, with we the people,
to build a new society.
A society that understands
that we are not worth more
and they are not worth less.
And that we will be
willing to pay the price
and take the risks to
wage peace with all fellow
and sister human beings.
[HEART BEATS]
[MUSIC PLAYING]